Add behavior to reset() operation to make it more useful in practice (#298)
eclipse-uprotocol/up-spec: up-l3/usubscription/v3/README.adoc

When the `Reset()` function is called, the uSubscription service *MUST* flush all stored subscription information, including any persistently stored subscriptions.
****

[.specitem,oft-sid="req~usubscription-reset-notification~1",oft-needs="impl,utest"]
****

> When the `Reset()` function is called, after stored subscription information is flushed, uSubscription service *MUST* notify all subscribers and uEntities that registered for change notifications about the reset, by sending a messages of type `Update` for each subscribed/registered topic, with a subscription state of `UNSUBSCRIBED`.

Author: Fair - I tried, is this better?

> When the `Reset()` function is called, after stored subscription information is flushed, uSubscription service *MUST* notify all subscribers and uEntities that registered for change notifications about the reset, by sending a messages of type `Update` for each subscribed/registered topic, with a subscription state of `UNSUBSCRIBED`.

Author: I originally tried to stick to 1 behavioural step per requirement - but for the sake of clarity, this merged version is probably better.

When the `Reset()` function is called, the uSubscription service *MUST* flush all stored subscription information, including any persistently stored subscriptions.
****

[.specitem,oft-sid="req~usubscription-reset-notification~1",oft-needs="impl,utest"]
****

> When the `Reset()` function is called, uSubscription service *MUST* notify all subscribers and uEntities that registered for change notifications:
> 
> * after flushing stored subscription information (so that subsequent (re)subscribe requests do not get lost with the reset)
> * by sending messages of type `Update` for each subscribed/registered topic, with a subscription state of `UNSUBSCRIBED`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a client invokes the uSubscription service's `Reset()` operation, the service *MUST*

1. Write all current subscription state to the configured persistence store.
2. Notify all subscribers and all other uEntities that had registered for change notifications about the subscription state being reset. To do so, the service *MUST* send a message of type `Update` with a subscription state of `UNSUBSCRIBED`.
```
